# OKEX PHP SDK Package
A PHP SDK for OKEX which will allow the end-user to be able to place orders, query orders and a whole host of other actions. Within this repository you can place an action against everything OKEX provide.

# What is included in this OKEX PHP Package?
Initial upload has now been made and ability provide so that the user can query anything they wish by consulting the OKEX documentation. We have provided some easy to access functions such as ticker, token details, order books, deposit address, order limit, order market, order information and cancel order.

# Getting started with OKEX and PHP

In the `example.php` file you will find a range of predefined functions and how to get started

```php
##/
define("OKEX_KEY","YOUR-KEY");
define("OKEX_SECRET","YOUR-SECRET");
define("OKEX_PASSPHRASE","YOUR-PASSPHRASE");
##/
$okexAPI = new okexAPI(OKEX_KEY,OKEX_SECRET,OKEX_PASSPHRASE);
```
You must generate API credentials via OKEX, they will require that you have some form of two-factor authentication

## Placing an order with OKEX and PHP

When you place an order, OKEX will either provide an order_id or error_code, but both will be present, an example of a successful order

```
Array
(
    [client_oid] =>
    [error_code] =>
    [error_message] =>
    [order_id] => 3394164710385664
    [result] => 1
)

```

And an example of a failed order

```
Array
(
    [client_oid] =>
    [error_code] => 30024
    [error_message] => Parameter value filling error
    [order_id] => -1
    [result] =>
)
```

As far as exchanges go, OKEX is one of the better ones when it comes to providing good error feedback from our experience.

## Cancelled order information

It is worth noting that if you cancel a LIMIT order with OKEX you won't be able to callback on that information even with the Order ID and Instrument ID

```
Array
(
    [code] => 33014
    [message] => Order does not exist
)

```

## Adding parameters when not required will result in an error

If you use the `query($path,$request=array())` function, which we recommend and envision you will need too, given that we only scratch the surface of providing useful functions in this release, you will need to take note of one important point.

> The OK-ACCESS-SIGN header is generated by creating a sha256 HMAC using the base64-decoded secret key on the prehash String timestamp + method + requestPath + body (where + represents String concatenation), secretKey and base64-encode the output. For example: sign=CryptoJS.enc.Base64.Stringify(CryptoJS.HmacSHA256(timestamp + 'GET' + '/users/self/verify', secretKey))

Do not provide unnecessary parameters in the second argument if the documentation doesn't specify as it will result in a 405 code which means the METHOD got rejected by OKEX, it is a simple fix though, simply remove that and it will work as normal.

## 0.1 - August 2019

The initial `okex.class.php` and `example.php` file is provided with 10 easy to access functions ranging from ordering to canceling and querying OKEX public data.

## Who is this for?

This is for people looking for a PHP OKEX script, people that maybe searching without much luck for a OKEX PHP example or OKEX PHP function. The key really is to connect this script with the coders and traders that need it, as like us, when you was searching for OKEX and PHP there wasn't much in way of resources.

# License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 executium

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
